0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by silica dust, or, an obnoxiously long word.  
     
1.  Getrusage is used to examine the resource usage of a process. Uses either RUSAGE_SELF - the current process, or RUSAGE_CHILDREN -
    or the children processes that have already been terminated. 
    
2.  There are 16 members in a variable type struct usage.

3.  Since rusage is such a large struct, it would be more effective to pass a pointer then the actual value.

4.  The main function iterates through a textfile -- character by character -- constructing a word consisting of only 
    alphabetical characters and apostrophes (if they are not the first character). Once the for loop reaches a non-digit character, the
    word is assigned NULL and determines if it is misspelled. Then restarts the process over again by returning the index to 0.
     
5.  Fgetc trumps fscanf in speller.c because of its ability to evaluate one character at a time, detecting any undesirable characters. 
    In addition, fgetc will save memory.

6.  Declaring check and load as constants indicates to the compiler that you will not be modifying the data contained in the variable, 
    therefore, optimizing your code. 

7.  To more thoroughly understand the mechanics, I implemented both data structures in this pset. In my trie implementation, there was a 
    boolean variable to check if a word exists and a node pointer at an array. The array consisted of each letter in the alphabet plus an
    apostrophe. The linked list node consisted of a char variable storing the word and a node pointing to the next node.     

8.  The runtime of my first implementation was a couple of second. 

9.  In the linked list data structure i simply increased the size of the hash table to diminish runtime. Also, i hashed the words in the 
    dictionary by calculating the sum of the individual characters. 

10. One difficulty i encountered was my inability to load every word in the dictionary on my linked list data structure. However, after
    incessantly reviewing my code I discovered that I incorrectly structured my hash table.  
